Adding that Outfit/Ship Categories can be Customized by Data Files (#124)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingOutfits.md

Most attributes are given as a single number, but there are a few "special" attributes:

> * `category`: which outfitter category to show this outfit in. The outfit given must be a valid outfit category, which may be specified by a category `"outfit"` node **(v. 0.9.15)**. See [categories.txt](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/master/data/categories.txt) for an example. The existing valid vanilla outfit categories are the following:

Reviewer: I t4hink this might be a bit ambiguous as to what the version number ois referring to. Maybe something like:
```suggestion
* `category`: which outfitter category to show this outfit in. The outfit given must be a valid outfit category.
The list of available categories is specified by a `category "outfit"` node **(v. 0.9.15)**. See [categories.txt](https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/blob/master/data/categories.txt) for an example.
The existing valid vanilla outfit categories are the following:
```
Or, do something similar to what you have in the CreatingShips file.

  * "Power"
  * "Engines"
  * "Hand to Hand"
  * "Unique"
  * "Minerals"
  * "Special"

>   * "Licenses"

Reviewer: I think these should also have version numbers listed for when they first became available.

Author: Just added -- all 4 (including "Special") look to have been created with 0.10.12
